I want to force the palace
shuyu
I don't know what I'm talking about
Of course I know.
And I've been waiting 20 years for this.
20 years
The queen is your sister
Is your relative
You will never be allowed to do this
You are not allowed to be the worst generation now
You don't even have the power to control the Shi Army
What do you resist
As long as you are in turmoil
The moment my younger brother sat on the throne
I will kill you immediately
The call to use is over
Go out when you're done
Of course I didn't say yes.
For the sake of your death
Let me tell you one more thing.
Do you know
The 51st blood your daughter hunted down 20 years ago
I did it hahaha
Why is that?
Because you stole the god of war that should have belonged to me
The taste helped Chen Jiaru win the favor of his father
Let me throw it in front of my father again and again
today
You stole the throne that should have been lost to the eldest son of the royal family
I lost everything.
Who said they want you to lose?
All the most precious things
To lift the hatred in my heart
I'll ask tomorrow
Is the oath in your hands?
Like what I said
Isn't your daughter already
Hahahaha
Say Yu to shut up
One day.
You will pay for what you have done
price
Since I dare to tell you the truth about everything
That means I'm well prepared
Hundreds of thousands of soldiers under my Xiaoyao King
Even if all the people in the Shi Army lead the troops
You can't stop me
Master, I love to see you miraculously corrupt
This time
Let me see how you can stop me